Halos and Sins
Mobile Application Testing Day_1

Objectives:
-HS-beta-testing.docx > Tasks > Task 2

2.Get all the Jewels - part 1 - With tutorials on, Play through the entire game quickly many times 
(Title->EditDecks->Appetizer->Entrée+Dessert->Awards->repeat). Get to Level 8 without closing the app. 
    Setup: After each individual game, in the MainMenu click the “Help” button to turn Tutorials OFF, 
         then click it again to turn Tutorials ON again (this resets the tutorial messages so they will popup again). 
         a.In the Awards Round – skip various tutorial instructions “X” button.
         
         b.In the Awards Round – watch various tutorial instructions to completion. 
         
         c.Do you notice any bugs? If so please report them in detail. Please describe EXACTLY how you got the bug to appear.
         
         d.Any other comments?
         
     Note: I made all the experience point requirements super low, so you should be able to level up each game. 
       Remember the higher level decks like Blaze, Inferno, Lava Sutra give WAY more experience than the Simmer Deck. 
     Note2: Make sure you have a tester’s license so you can buy everything from the Shop to test it.

-HS-beta-testing.docx > Tasks > Task 3

3.Get all the Jewels - part 2 – Once you reach Level 8. In the “Whos Playing” scene, 
Reset the Couple [make sure to RESET not DELETE] – Play through the entire game quickly many times again 
(Title->EditDecks->Appetizer->Entrée+Dessert->Awards->repeat). Get to Level 8 without closing the app.
  Setup: After each individual game, in the MainMenu click the “Help” button to turn Tutorials OFF, 
  then click it again to turn Tutorials ON again (this resets the     tutorial messages so they will popup again).
    a. In the Awards Round – skip various tutorial instructions “X” button.
    
    b. In the Awards Round – watch various tutorial instructions to completion. 
    
    c.Do you notice any bugs while playing through the game again? If so please report them in detail. 
    Please describe EXACTLY how you got the bug to appear.
    
    d.Any other comments?
    
